Add meeting notes for 9/7/24 (#4539)
Couchers-org/couchers: docs/meetings/dev/2024-07-09.md

# Dev meeting

When: 9/7/24, 20:00 UTC.
Present: Aapeli, Jesse, Tristan

# Notes

* Jesse: teaches Aapeli about the lock companies enjoying market dominance in the US
* Tristan: worked on public roadmap
  - Thinking about how to do it
  - Aapeli: a bit worried about having public "deadlines" or other "guarantees" since we might slip on those and that might cause frustration
* Aapeli: sent out the Survey with Yannic who made most of it
  - Currently ~500 responses
* Aapeli: worked on the newsletter stuff, but had a work deadline moved to yesterday so a bit behind
* Jesse: still working on migrating onto the Chatwoot help center
* Jesse: review on Chatwoot

>   - Some things are world better than Otobo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Some things are worlds better than Otobo
```

>   - Missing some really basic things e.g. merging conversations, changing the email address the conversation is with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Missing some really basic things e.g. merging conversations and when replying, changing the subject or reply-to email address of the conversation is impossible
```
